documenting minimum requirements for implementing spark api's (#267)
dotnet/spark: docs/contributing.md

We intend to bring dotnet/spark into full conformance with the following style guidelines:
   * [C# Coding Style](coding-guidelines/csharp-coding-style.md)
   * [Scala Coding Style](coding-guidelines/scala-coding-style.md)

Implementing Spark API functions
--------------------------------

> When you implement one of the Spark API functions that is currently not implemented you should include comments and unit tests, refer to the [Minium requirements for implementing Spark API functions](coding-guidelines/new-functions.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you implement one of the Spark API functions that is currently not implemented, you should include comments and unit tests, refer to the [Minimum Requirements for Implementing Spark API Functions](coding-guidelines/new-functions.md) mini-guide.
```
